Hello dear friends with you Fry
today I want to tell you what you need
make to the computer and the Internet
worked quickly for this you need to go to
the Internet which is very much
use but most of all flight
Gu coins and probably that's how you know
you are here with a corner from me
It is here that I am in other Internet too
show how answered here click here
so here's the story
clear us history on and here here
by
for all time you clear history
thanks to this internet and the computer itself
it will work quickly for us
working slowly for not
clean it altogether with a lot accumulated
and let's show in other boarding schools
give in opera for example right here
Now opera but it is not necessary here's the story here
today yesterday here but today
Yesterday we click on these lines to delete
there to remove it too remove it too
here I will delete all this because it does not open
before that I also deleted the stubs
also need to clear because the memory too
it is free well for example
who do so often
here
downloads we are removed here to give more
other internet show let's google
chrome self-construction here here if u
you do not have this but remember in each
Internet from the edge of the right or left
Anyone should be such a story as
Usually we delete this still.
something to log my computer with
users and what is your name as your
office we go there for example at me
ruslan
the computer is called go download and
here it is now everything is deleted so deleted it
we went to the fans folder download tyrant
go to the detriment of the folder update at a neighbor
me so called you on on just
the damage will be going so not yet
downloads are already all cleared up
This is what everyone thanks for watching
put likes subscribe to the channel
bye everyone